I'm here to talk to you about go DLC RDD
it's a new distributed data store in go
it is very similar to orbit DB if you
heard of orbit DB is in JavaScript
simply fight a lot and you get this I'm
Hector by the way I work with protocol
labs I do the IP of s cluster things in
order to build a miracle CR DD datastore
America CR DT based give Alistair
we need all these things we need C
oddities we need Martell Dax we need an
IP LD tak service we need pops up we
need some magic and then you got it it's
not too difficult in fact I'm gonna
explain it in five minutes
see oddities conflict-free replicated
data types you can do counters you can
do registries you can do sets and you
can compose these data types to do more
difficult things eventually you can with
a set on a registry kind of thing you
can get maps in Goudy as reality we use
Delta TR it is because the semantics are
very nice and it allows you to get
patching rather easily in the same way
that you will have non bashing myrtle ax
it's like a block chain I mean you'll
know you were through the core courses
you probably know what America does X
except that you can have multiple heads
and you can have multiple branches in
fact you have attack it snowed in that
Merkel DAC will carry a payload which is
a see oddity object in fact the Delta
Theory the object this is what they look
like in SC representation that service
this is basically what ipfs does except
you want it embeddable so you want the
Lippe to be host that you probably reuse
for other things you want the DHD you
want a block service you want to change
bits up reaper visor and whatnot
put everything together in something
that I called ipfs light that I can
easily embed and has very
called she's putting blocks together
that existed on the stack and
additionally a couple of functions you
need pops up Thanks
we have the p2p and gossip path that
works for us very nice and a secret
sauce so if you put all those blots
together you need the actual
implementation of this Delta Z or the D
key value map and you need proper tag
traversal when you're sinking all these
medical docs from from different
replicas you want to traverse them
efficiently you want to traverse them
multi-threaded you don't want to get
stuck if you're receiving updates but
you're not able to sync part of the
trees you need some conflict resolution
when there are conflicting values
committed at the same time and you need
some magic that I don't have time to
explain in a five minute thing and now
you profit you broadcasting's who
through pops up you publish new C oddity
objects via the DHT other replicas come
find what they need to sync in this tree
and they run everything and you have a
distributed key-value store that
actually implements the goat datastore
interface so the same as batcher
but distributed you have an operation
like put key on value and this will
generate a new route for the miracle dag
broadcast everyone will sync
voila thank you very much got some links
you